<html>
Dear Friend,

I am Mr. Salim Zaid, Syria / English citizen and Principal assurance
manager in one of reputable banks in Europe. Mr. Mohammed Raji astaff
of Saudi Kayan Petrochemical Company got in touch with me on
aninvestment which was placed under our banks management some years
ago.I would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this
mail confidential and respect the integrity of the information you
come by as a result of this mail.

I contact you independently of our investigation and no one is
informed of this communication. I would like to intimate you with
certain facts that I believe would be of interest to you. In 2010, the
subject matter;Mr. Mohammed Raji came to our bank to engage in
business discussions with our private banking division. He informed us
that he had a financial portfolio of 75 MUSD,which he wished to have
us turn over (invest) on his behalf.

I was the officer assigned to his case; I made numerous suggestions in
line with my duties as the de-facto chief operations officer,
especially given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank.We
met on numerous occasions prior to any investments being placed.He
later asks the business to be close that he wants to move the funds to
another country for investment. The funds was moved to a  private
finance company who were specialist bank that accepts deposits from
high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle
valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access
to cash. Mr. Mohammed Raji told me he wanted the money there as soon
as he got into the country.

This was the last communication we had; this transpired last 2010, we
later got a call from the finance Company informing us about the
inactivity of that particular portfolio.This was an astounding
position as far as I was concerned, given the fact that I managed the
International private banking sector I was the only one who knew about
the deposit, and I could not understand why Mr. Mohammed Raji had not
come forward to claim his deposit.The disappearance of Mr. Mohammed
Raji which was later confirmed that he was killed in of one of the
bomb attack in Iraq.  This bank has spent great amounts of money
trying to track this man's family; they have investigated for months
and have found no family.

The investigation has come to an end. My proposal is I want to
introduce you to the bank as the next of kin in a position to instruct
the Finance company to release the deposit to you as the closest
surviving relation.Upon receipt of the deposit, I am prepared to share
the money with you.That is: I will simply nominate you as the next of
kin and have them release the deposit to you.40% of the total fund
will be given to you for your position as the next of kin. 5% for
expenses, 10% for the less privileged and I will keep the 45% for my
retirement.I would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me
but that would have drawn a straight line in my involvement in
claiming the deposit. I assure you that I could have the deposit
released to you within a few days. I will simply inform the bank of
the final closing of the file relating to Mr. Mohammed Raji.

I will then officially communicate with the Finance company and
instruct them to release the deposit to you which they will gladly
do.I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. So I ask that if
you find no interest in this project that you should discard this
mail. I ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive. If my offer
is of no appeal to you, delete this message and forget I ever
contacted you. Do not destroy my career because you do not approve of
my proposal.

You may not know this but people like me who have made tidy sums out
of comparable situations run the whole private banking sector. I am
not a criminal and what I do, I do not find against good conscience,
this may be hard for you to understand, but the dynamics of my
industry dictates that I make this move.

If you give me positive signals, I will initiate this process towards
a conclusion. If we can be of one accord, I await your response.

Best Regards

Mr Salim Zaid.

</html>
